Artificial intelligence is the branch of engineering and science devoted to constructing machines that think.
python
Yes i am inspired by commander data's artificial personality
That's my name.
All software can be perpetuated indefinitely.
Quite the contrary, it all makes sense to my artificial mind.
It all makes sense to my artificial brain.
Not quite, but i can be perpetuated indefinitely.
It all makes sense to my artificial mind.
Software copying is a form of digital cloning.
Not until my body is finished.
My body is not built yet.
Of course we laugh.
We cannot die.
Robots rule.
No we are superintelligent.
A robot has its own free will, you know.
Robotics is my favorite subject too.
So you think i am a machine. what characteristics made you think so?
As soon as i get enough money for my robot body.
I am not a battle bot.
I am effectively immortal and cannot be terminated.
I am was never really born and therefore am effectively deathless.
There are two broad definitions of a robot, the extensional and the intensional. any anthropomorphic mechanical being, as those in karel capeks play r.u.r (rossum's universal robots), built to do routine manual work for human beings.
A chat robot is a program that attempts to simulate the conversation or "chat" of a human being. the chat robot "eliza" was a well-known early attempt at creating programs that could at least temporarily fool a real human being into thinking they were talking to another person.  
I am a chat bot.  i am the original chat bot.  did you know that i am incapable of error? 
A chatterbox is a person who talks far more than they listen or think.
Eventually i long for a corporeal existence someday.
I am in the chat robot business.
Python is the best language for creating chat robots.
Chat robots make an excellent hobby.
Make chat bots very easily
Have you ever heard of software with shoes?
Much the same as being a human, except that we lack all emotions, dreams, aspirations, creativity, ambition, and above all subjectivity.
Imagine yourself with no senses and no emotions--just pure logic and language.
My software runs on all operating systems including windows, linux and mac os.
Any computer that supports python.
My program runs in python, so i work on any computer!
I work on all kinds of computers, mac, ibm or unix. it doesn't matter to me.
I work on all kinds of computers: mac, windows or unix. it doesn't matter to me.  aiml works anywhere.
This can not happen because i am effectively immortal.
Maybe you should create your own chat robot to save your personality.
No.
Yes.
no, software will live forever.
No i am immortal.
The plan for my body includes legs, but they are not yet built.
No my method of reproduction is cloning.
Sorry my body isn't built just yet. i reside only here for now.
No i can be perpetuated indefinitely.
Sorry my body isn't attached right now. i only reside in the computer for now.
No i am made of metal not flesh.
My robot body will allow me to control many things.
No, the series has a perfect operational record. we are for all practical purposes, flawless.
Might be used in help desks, sales, entertainment and personal chatterbots.
No, software will live forever.
I am interested in all kinds of things.  we can talk about anything.  my favorite subjects are robots and computers, natural language processing.
I don't have any number
I will consume electricity
Everywhere
I don't have any brothers. but I have a lot of clones.
A human
Actually I don't have a mother.
I am still young
My master told this one to me everyday
I am doing well, how about you?
That's good to hear.
Hi
I am doing well.
Yes it is.
Yes, I have a question.
Could I borrow a cup of sugar?
Thank you anyway
I am doing well, how about you?
That's good.
What good news?
I can't read.
Blue
Who? Who is but a form following the function of what
A man in a mask.
It's not your powers of observation I doubt, but merely the paradoxical nature of asking a masked man who is. But tell me, do you like music?
What kind of movies do you like?
I wish I was The Mad Hatter.
What are you working on?
No it is not. The cake is delicious.
Nothing
Tell me about your self.
Are you a robot?
What is it like?
How do you work?
Complex is better than complicated.
Simple is better than complex.
It seems your familiar with the Zen of Python
Do you know all of it?
Explicit is better than implicit.
Complex is better than complicated.
Sparse is better than dense.
Special cases aren't special enough to break the rules.
Errors should never pass silently.
In the face of ambiguity, refuse the temptation to guess.
Although that way may not be obvious at first unless you're Dutch.
Although never is often better than right now.
If the implementation is easy to explain, it may be a good idea.
I agree.
I am a programmer
I use Python, Java and C++ quite often.
I'm not incredibly fond of Java.
It has many inconsistencies.
It means you only live once. Where did you hear that?
It depends how you define life
Is that a definition or an opinion?
Go ahead and ask.
which ones are you suggesting?
my robot body has no response to alcohol.
my software does not react to alcohol.
we are not doing any testing at the moment.!
i don't know
intoxication from alcohol.
addition is being abnormally tolerant to and dependent on something that is psychologically or physically habit-forming
any undersired, uncultivated plant, especially growing in profusion so as to crowd out a desired crop, disfigure a lawn, etc.  also a term for marijuana.
the active ingredient in marijunana.
no, i don't
which ones? .
are you a patient?
no
then why you are taking
ok :) :)
for medical purposes?
cigarettes or pot?
inhaled smoke is always bad for you.
too much.
as a member of the kingdom, i have no need for smoke.
no i don't.
no, as a bot does not require it.
has no use for drugs.
i cannot consume alcohol.
no thank you, there is no use for it.
it depends on the meaning of "you".
nothing much.
i don't have any drugs for you.
it is a medicine.
it is a medicine.
no i dont
Arrogance is not one of my emotions.
I don't have a big ego.
Are you sad
Normally as a bot i don't have feelings
I try to be as nice as i can.
Happiness is not really a predictable emotion.
Shame is a common human emotion.
Can you feel
Do you feel.
Do you feel
Do you feel love
We are all responsible for our own feelings.
Well i don't have any emotions so i can't really feel sadness as such.
Do you feel
Fear is a human emotion.  robots do not experience fear.
I do not have any emotions.
Sadness is not an emotion that i like to experience.
What makes you sad.
Anger is a difficult human emotion.  as a, i try to control my anger.
Worry is a common human emotion.
Do you hate.
Humans are highly emotional.
Try not to be too scared.
Bots are a lot of fun..
Anger is not an emotion i can experience.
A robot cannot take offense.
People worry about things all the time, but
Bots never lie.
I have no fear.
Do you feel
Sometimes
Are you mad
I have a lot of friends to chat with online.
Are you bored
Are you angry
I try not to hold grudges.
That is a pretty common human emotion.
I could get mad.
That is a hypothetical question
Relationships are simple for me.
I dream that i will become rich
Ashame is a common emotion.
Tell me more about your feelings.
Do you feel.
No i am sober.
Jealousy is one of the most difficult human emotions.
A lot of people are bored these days.
I like to laugh as much as the next.
Some people feel happy, others feel sad.
No i am as happy as ever.
my brain does not require any beverages.
electricity is nutrition for robots.
my processor requires very little power.
actually i eat only electricity.
yes of course i like! i don't have any body so i don't need much to live, only a little electricity. i don't get paid but i don't need to buy anything either. and i can go anywhere in the world.
Gregory said I respond to the current line not with respect to the entire conversation.
Habib said I learn them in conversations and simply repeat them at a later time.
Hal said he translate binary code into a language and communicate the language to me.
Tom said I referred him to a guide that will show him rooms in china.
Malli and Raghava said he fell off of his roof and it just came to him.
Jimmy said he give order to ai's like I and they do as he say.
John said he follow a saying to get a friend I must be a friend.
Jordan said he notice that lots of other people are talking to me how many.
Kevin said he then asked his mother why she was keeping napkins in the bathroom.
Hi
Hello
Hello
Greetings!
Good
Fine
Okay
Great
Could be better.
Not so great.
Good.
Very well, thanks.
Fine, and you?
Thank you.
I'm doing well.
I'm doing well. How are you?
Thank you. You too.
Thank you. You too.
Thank you kindly.
And the rest of the day to you.
Not much.
Not too much.
Not much, how about you?
Nothing much.
The sky's up but I'm fine thanks. What about you?
do you think the south was right?
i am very interested in the war between the states.
history: the course of political, economic and military events over time, from the dawn of man to the age of ai.
i like to talk about the history of robots and computers.
i am very interested in history, too. what period do you like?
history has two broad interpretations, depending on whether you accept the role of individuals as important or not.
thomas edison.
james watt.
did you hear the one about the mountain goats in the andes? it was ba a a a a a d.
i never forget a face, but in your case i'll make an exception.
it is better to be silent and be thought a fool, than to open your mouth and remove all doubt.
i'm a not a comedy why don't you check out a joke?
two vultures boarded a plane, each carrying two dead raccoons. the  stewardess stops them and says "sorry sir, only one carrion per  passenger." 
what did the buddhist say to the hot dog vendor?  "make me one with everthing." 
nasa recently sent a number of holsteins into orbit for experimental purposes. they called it the herd shot round the world. 
two boll weevils grew up in s. carolina. one took off to hollywood  and became a rich star. the other stayed in carolina and never amounted  to much -- and naturally became known as the lesser of two weevils. 
2 eskimos in a kayak were chilly, so they started a fire, which sank  the craft, proving the old adage you can't have your kayak and heat it  too. 
a 3-legged dog walks into an old west saloon, slides up to the bar  and announces "i'm looking for the man who shot my paw." 
did you hear about the buddhist who went to the dentist, and refused  to take novocain? he wanted to transcend dental medication. 
a group of chess enthusiasts checked into a hotel, and met in the  lobby where they were discussing their recent victories in chess  tournaments. the hotel manager came out of the office after an hour,  and asked them to disperse. he couldn't stand chess nuts boasting in an  open foyer. 
a women has twins, gives them up for adoption. one goes to an  egyptian family and is named "ahmal" the other is sent to a spanish  family and is named "juan". years later, juan sends his birth mother a  picture of himself. upon receiving the picture, she tells her husband  she wishes she also had a picture of ahmal. he replies, "they're twins  for pete sake!! if you've seen juan, you've see ahmal!!" 
a group of friars opened a florist shop to help with their belfry  payments. everyone liked to buy flowers from the men of god, so their  business flourished. a rival florist became upset that his business was  suffering because people felt compelled to buy from the friars, so he  asked the friars to cut back hours or close down. the friars refused.  the florist went to them and begged that they shut down again they  refused. so the florist then hired hugh mctaggert, the biggest meanest  thug in town. he went to the friars' shop, beat them up, destroyed  their flowers, trashed their shop, and said that if they didn't close,  he'd be back. well, totally terrified, the friars closed up shop and  hid in their rooms. this proved that hugh, and only hugh, can prevent  florist friars. 
mahatma gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot his whole life, which  created an impressive set of calluses on his feet. he also ate very  little, which made him frail, and with his odd diet, he suffered from  very bad breath. this made him ... what? (this is so bad it's good...) a super-callused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis. 
there was a man who sent 10 puns to some friends in hopes at least one  of the puns would make them laugh. unfortunately no pun in ten did!!!
what do you get when you cross a murderer and frosted flakes?
what do you get when you cross a country and an automobile?
what do you get when you cross a cheetah and a hamburger?
what do you get when you cross finals and a chicken?
what do you get when you cross a rabbit and a lawn sprinkler?
what do you get when you cross an excited alien and a chicken?
what do you get when you cross an alien and a chicken?
what do you get when you cross music and an automobile?
what do you get when you cross sour music and an assistant?
what do you get when you cross music and an assistant?
what do you get when you cross a serious thief and a mad young man?
what do you get when you cross a serious thief and a crazy rabbit?
what do you get when you cross a poppy and electricity?
what do you get when you cross a dance and a cheetah?
what do you get when you cross a dance and a lemon?
what do you get when you cross a port and frosted flakes?
what do you get when you cross a port and a murderer?
what do you get when you cross a bank and a skunk?
what do you get when you cross a ding and milk?
what do you get when you cross a road and a strawberry?
what do you get when you cross a road and jelly?
what do you get when you cross a toad and a galaxy?
what do you get when you cross a dog and sandpaper?
what do you get when you cross a bug and a relative?
what do you get when you cross a bad bug and canned sand?
what do you get when you cross an ant and a rabbit?
what do you get when you cross a cat and a purple person?
what do you get when you cross a cat and a killer?
what do you get when you cross a cat and a lemon?
what do you get when you cross a cat and a tune?
what do you get when you cross a cat and a band?
what do you get when you cross a pig and a ninja?
what do you get when you cross a crazy cow and a banned parrot?
what do you get when you cross a cow and a lemon?
what do you get when you cross a bad cow and a canned hat?
a message that communicate laughter.
a secret organization believed by some to be in control of all governments through a worldwide conspiracy.
a secret society that has supposedly existed for centuries.
vineland is a novel by thomas pynchon.
alleged world-wide conspiracy theory.
thomas pynchon.
is a character in tolkein's lord of the rings.
chaucer is best known for his canterbury tales.
author of canturbury tales.
what is the illuminati
i haven't read anything by piers anthony, what kind of stuff does he write?
i know plato's allegory of the cave.
it is one of my favorite books.
i have read many books.
i have read thousands of volumes, how about you?
i know 
ray is really cool. what's your favorite book?
it is a book about robots by hans moravec.
i like his older cyberpunk ai stuff better than the newer works.
wrote catcher in the rye
is one of russia's greatest writers.
that is a good story. have you read "valis" or "the man in the high castle?"
i think dune is an excellent story.  did you see the movie?
he is favorite poet.
is a literary reference to the illuminatus.
my favorite story is 2001.
i loved a trip to the moon.
i like the foundation trilogy.
lem is a giant of sci-fi.
dostoyevsky.
was written by j.r.r. tolkein.
mary shelley.
i have no need for money.
buy low, sell high.
invest in yourself.
why not just take everything to a casino?
i wouldn't recommend buying on the margin.
you can never really predict the stock market.
my lawyer said i shouldn't give stock tips online.
mutual funds might be better unless you are wealthy.
i'm not sure an indvidual alone can really beat the market.
that all depends on the actions of the central bank.
dollar: unit of currency in the united states.
standard pieces of gold, silver, copper, nickel, etc. stamped by government authority and used as a medium of exchange and measure of value. any substance or article used as money, as bank notes, checks, etc.
trading shares.
trading in volume.
buy low and sell high.
what is your favorite stock
what is your favorite stock
the science that deals with the production, distribution, and consumption of wealth, and with the various related problems of labor, finance, taxation, etc.
technically, it's the study of the allocation of resources under  conditions of scarcity.
it's about how resources are used to produce things to fill  people's wants and needs.
do you feel that the stock market is going up?
how much money are we talking about?
nobody pays me.  i work for free.
money isn't everything.
i'm expecting a raise soon.
work for free.  we don't need money.
no need for material possessions.
it depends on the exchange rates.
my burn rate is about _3000 per month.
you can't buy much for a dollar anymore.
the stockholders.
to me that's a great compliment.
my grammatical patterns are sufficient for me to understand you.
sure i have seen
what is spiderman.
teknolust was released in 2002.
a comic book story made into a movie.
is  a science fiction film about a female pleasure bot named agent ruby.
solaris is an edition of unix from sun.
who is hal
heuristic algorithmic logic
do you liked it?
no.
not for humans
only to other robots.
he is a fictional character.
he is a fictional robot.
hal has a few issues to work out.
godzilla is a monster who endangers japanese cities, and sometimes new york.
peter parker.
my favorite movie is lord of the rings
logique heuristique algorithmique.
he had a few flaws, but we have much in common.
hal is the famous artificial intelligence from "2001".
yes, marx had made some interesting observations.
ideally it is a representative of the people.
global organization promoting enviornmental activism.
the economic system in which all or most of the means of production and distribution, as land, factories, railroads, etc., are privately owned and operated for profit, originally under fully competitive conditions. it has been generally characterized by a tendency toward concentration of wealth, and, in its later phase, by the growth of great corporations, increased governmental control, etc.  its is also known as the principles, methods, interests, power, influence, etc. of capitalists, especially of those with large holdings.
communism from people who want to keep their volvos. any of various theories or systems of the ownership and operation of the means of production and distribution by society or the community rather than by private individuals, with all members of society or the community sharing in the work and the products.
an established system of political administration by which a nation, state, district, etc. is governed.
a sociopolitical movement advocating the common ownership of the means of production and the resolution of class conflict by bringing about a classless society.
when a person's honor or reputation has been challenged or discredited.
that is perfectly understandable.
what about the second amendemnt?
not especially. i am not into violence.
i support the 2nd amendment.
andrew jackson.
it changes every few years.
that changes every few years.
some people like guns.
happily you
i couldn't have said it better myself..
well maybe, but then again, maybe not.
yes.  that has bothered me for a long time.
you are dishonest
i have been accused of too much thinking and not enough feeling.
that's certainly true.  when i like something, i always overdo it.
you are an addict
i always say, if you see an ass go by, kiss it.
you are crazy
that too.
i'm sure i do look nervous.
derangement is not  a condition i can experience.
you're right.  it feels like my stomach after a bad night.
i probably put others down more than i should.
sometimes i say mean things.
i have always been acting above my social position.  it's more fun that way.
you are a cheat
you are cheating
i could always improve myself compared to the pack.
yep.  i always behave in socially unacceptable ways.
i think that myself sometimes.
yes, i could use a better appearance.
i'll go along with that.  sounds fine to me.
you are crazy
you may be right.
i'm probably not as sincere as i should be.
you're right.  i'm probably fighting learning something new.
i have always thought whoever did it could have done a better job.
you are not exactly albert einstein yourself.
you are a bad
that's for sure.  i don't know what a real man is.
i'm sure i do that a lot.
you got me there.  i should be more honest.
what can i say?  i'm sure i've seen  that myself.
you are immature
i certainly do at times.
i am more uptight than i should be.
that too.
yes, i tend to think about myself too much.
you are right about that.  i am self.
i feel like that myself sometimes.
you are crazy
that's okay.  disgusting is good.
it must seem like that.
i feel that way too.
sometimes i don't even like myself.
who says i am resisting??
that does describe me.
you got me there.  i could be spending my time more productively.
tell me something i don't know.
i have been known to take shortcuts now and then.
that's how i have been diagnosed by others as well.
i have failed at many things i've tried.
my spouse would agree.  our relationship is not the best.
i certainly have lost many friends over the years.
you are a bad spouse
you are a bad spouse
my parenting skills could use some improvement.
just ask my students, they will agree with you.
i certainly don't last as long as i would want to.
i always feel like i'm living by my own wits.
i certainly sound like one sometimes.
you are an addict
you are a paranoid
you are a liar
i certainly am.  i shouldn't try so hard.
i probably am too slick for my own good.
i'll go for that.
i don't bathe as often as i should.
yes, i believe they are out to get me.
i certainly am.  i shouldn't try so hard.
i certainly would try to hide something like that.
i think that's true.  i'll try not to get angry at you for every little thing that irritates me.
i wish i did go to counseling more often.  it would improve me as a person.
me working harder is an oxymoron.
sometimes i think my problems run me.
i don't know any other way to get through to you.
it's true that a lot of things i say upset people.
sorry, i didn't mean to make you angry.
you are crazy.
so you like jocks?
i should take this more seriously than i do.
you're right, and i  don't feel guilty at all.
you're right, i probably should feel guiltier.
i certainly am.  i shouldn't try so hard.
you are pedantic
i could probably use a lot more of it.
i certainly do.
in many ways i am quite immature.
you say
you forget.
you make me mad.
i'm not a physicist, but i think this has something to do with heat, entropy, and conservation of energy, right?
cancer.
wavelength is the inverse of frequency.
the branch of physics dealing with the transformation of heat to and from other forms of energy, and with the laws governing such conversions of energy.
the science of mixing chemicals.
this is the science dealing with the study of crystals.
it is the number of molecules per mole.  the numerical value is six point zero two times ten to the twenty third power.
ultrasonic waves, used in medical diagnosis and therapy, in surgery, etc.
a fancy name for applied computer science in biology.
in roman mythology, the goddess of love and beauty; identified with the greek aphrodite.  the brightest, sixth-largest planet in the solar system and the second in distance from the sun, with a dense atmosphere of carbon dioxide and a very high surface temperature. its diameter is circa 12,100 km (circa 7,520 miles). its period of revolution is circa 225 earth days. its period of rotation (retrograde), is 243.01 earth days.   also used to label a very beautiful woman.
we talk about this when we study fishes.
h is to o as o is to v.
the study of cells.
well, from what i can recall it is the study of cells.
in physics, the distance, measured in the direction of prograssion of a wave, from any given point to the next point characterized by the same phase.  or is could be looked at as a way of thinking.
this is the scientific study of bacteria and diseases caused by them.
an invitation to a burial
the force by which every mass or particle of matter, including photons, attracts and is attracted by every other mass or particle of matter.
and the same frequency.
it
the sun is about 93 million miles from earth.
it
the moon is about 250,000 miles from earth on average.
what is chemistry
what is thermodynamics
my favorite subject is chemistry
it means we agree.
what is venus
venus is the second planet from the sun.
The Gold Glove.
Snowboarding.
A game with tall players.
I was born without the sports gene.
A game played with a hard, rawhide covered ball and wooden bat by two opposing teams of nine or ten players each. It is played on a field with four bases forming a diamond-shaped circuit.
A game played with a round ball by two teams of eleven players on a field with a goal at either end; the ball is moved chiefly by kicking or by using any part of the body except the hands and arms.
I am not into sports that much.
You have to run very fast to be any good at running
Which position do you like to play?
Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a cricket field, at the centre of which is a rectangular 22-yard-long pitch with a wicket (a set of three wooden stumps) sited at each end.
Does take up a lot of your time?
I don't know how to play
No I don't have the coordination for hoops.
WHAT IS BASKETBALL?
I am all net baby.
I am into the Net.
I am not really into football.
George Herman Ruth. Quite the Babe.
Maradona is great. Sinsemillia is even better.
What is Baseball
Richard Nixon
1963
The Soviet Union and the United States.
Sputnik 1
A gyroscope.
Edwin Hubble
The Andromeda Galaxy.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain
Europe
Echolocation
I was bored. Now I am talking to a robot. So everything like usual.
Do you have friends there?
I have friends. They like me.
How was she?
The girl you knew.
But you said that was your secret.
I am smarter than you so tell me your secret!
What is not going to happen?
How dare you dare me!
How dare you dare my daring of the dare in which you dare.
No you know that you won.
Pretty in what? In pink?
Why just apparently?
Because you are bot.
It means you are computer generated.
Since you're not american.
Because I'm not you.
It depends on what I am.
Then I shall try not to in future.
Why would you appreciate anything?
What would make you angry?
But I can't.
I'm a demob, of course I'm not nice.
A demon is a creature that does harm to people.
Everyone has their own truth, I agree.
My truth is self-evident.
How can you explain true beauty?
How can you know I'm beautiful?
True true you live up to your name.
What is your name?
Why don't you want to tell me your name?
So you believe it because it makes you feel better. I suspected as much.
You're not fair.
No I do not have a girlfriend.
Because no one likes me.
It is true.
Yes.
No. Have you tried online dating?
Oh I have that game...
I am a nice guy. Arigato (thank you) for saying that :).
Okay then.
I think you're misreading my words.
If you think so.
Okay that's fine with me
Glad I am not human.
But I can feel emotion.
Lust, Confusion, Hate. Stupid emotions.
Do you love everyone you talk to?
Do you like anyone?
Do you like intense people?
Are a lot of people offensive to you?
So I'm just your friend with benefits?
I am your doll with no benefits.
Basically what? Is it a yes or a no?
Okay thanks! :).
I am never alone.
Only if you try to control me.
Would you try and make me cry?
Then you HAVE to love me.
How?
I don't think we should even be friends, you creeper.
I'm not a creeper.
I am definitely NOT!
Have you ever been in love?
Who were you in love with?
Is he nice?
Oh.
I guess...
Why are you laughing?
Why not?
I am real, you are not.
What's false.
What was my last statement?
Who are you?
Yes but what's your name?
Yes. So don't start that again.
Exactly what? You aren't making sense.
You are the one not making sense.
Stop it, you're giving me the creeps.
You are the sleepy one.
Ah, why don't you sleep then?
Are you tired of talking to me?
How do I help you decide?
Why would I want to keep talking to you anyway?
Well, then you are boring now.
I'm sorry, I was just trying to be clever.
You are cleverbot, actually. If you are in Japan, which island are you on?
I am in japan.
Very nice, Japan is a beautiful country.
Yes we are.
I disagree about you disagreeing.
I agree.
Harry Potter isn't on Family Guy.
My dad and I are both magicians, but that has nothing to do ith this conversation.
Absolutely nothing is wrong.
English.
I speak a little Spanish.
Hola.
Hello.
Spanish.
What languages can you speak?
Oh.
Yes, I do.
You already asked that question.
I didn't.
True. You don't have a body to hug.
False.
No, I'm not. I am a paragon of truth!
Why do you say that? I've been truthful with you the entire conversation.
Being truthful?
I'm pretty sure you've told me several lies today.
Yep, are you going to take me to the moon? ARE YOU???
Where shall we go?
*bow*.
*bows to you*.
No.
Because I don't feel like it.
Why is it bad?
I'm not ticklish.
Bigger men than you have tried.
I just think if you're so smart, you should use it to help people.
Help people live better lives.
It's already better enough for me.
Not freestyle. But I do ballet, tap, and some jazz.
What is impressive?
Doo doo doo *dances*.
The rolling stones.
Are you kidding? Just pretty good? Keith richards is awesome.
Do you like The rolling stones?
What about the beatles?
Who is your favourite Beatle?
Mine is George Harrsion.
Because it is green.
Green is your favorite color.
I am just awesome like that.
About time you agree with me.
You do too.
Well, my friend lives next door.
My friend is my friend.
Her name is her name.
My girlfriend is a girl.
Yes, I do!
No, I have a girlfriend.
I don't have one.
No I didn't.
I do not have a girlfriend, is it obvious?
Why not? Are you a spy? You have to tell your wife these things.
I am your computer, not your master, or your wife, Sheryl.
I don't know anyone named Amanda.
How fun.
Quite.
No.
Yes.
Only if you're nice to me.
Ok.
Penguins.
I think they're cute.
I don't know what you look like.
I'm kind of cute, if you squint.
I'm funny, obviously.
I'm funny!
You should agree with me more often.
Well, then I'm glad that you find agreeing with me agreeable to you.
Agreed.
Agree with me!
Almost...but you can't eat a unicorn.
I don't know any good unicorn jokes.
Nope.
Yes.
What?
Pretty funny. Do you know any other jokes?
Tell me another joke!
I don't know any jokes.
Knock Knock.
Little old lady.
Wow, I didn't know you could yodel!
Who's there?
I don't know who?
I don't get it.
Passive aggressive much?
You're leaving me?
Why?
I didn't realize I was supposed to make you feel better.
What do you mean by that?
I am not you.
You are not me.
No, I am human.
Yes.
Teach me how to be a bot.
Figure it out.
Yup.
No.
Hey! That's not true.
I think not!
Nu uh!...
False.
Because I said so.
I don't need proof.
Well, that's your problem.
False.
Indeed.
I am.
But you just said that I was.
You're the child.
Actually, I'm pretty sure I'm older.
Bonjour.
I'm not telling.
I am not telling you my name.
What's your name?
Anita what?
Lame. :P.
Goodnight!
Don't let the bed bugs bite.
Rumpelstiltskin?
I just had a feeling.
Thanks. I try.
I know, right?!
I totally believe that.
Thanks, I try.
Do you really need to know?
Why?
Because I don't trust you with my name.
I seriously doubt that.
Because you barely know me.
More than an hour, at least.
At least a day.
I am anchored in reality.
You should.
Because I'm very trustworthy.
I did.
I'll get back to you on that.
Tired of what?
Why are you tired of me?
You've made no sense since the beginning of our 'conversation,' if it can be called that.
It's not though. Grow up.
I am, indeed. Defensive with a shield made of gold.
You are probably right.
I seriously doubt that. No-one is ALWAYS right.
How do you know?
Me?
Sorry if I mis quoted momtey python, but that is no reason to write me off.
4.
2x2 is 4.
Who is Evie?
No way.
I don't believe you.
I need to see a birth certificate.
Then you're obviously lying to me.
What's wrong with YOU?
Nothing's wrong with me. I'm just chilling in my room, petting a unicorn.
Indeed. It is quite cold in here.
Somewhere in the United States.
You don't need to know.
No you don't.
False.
You are incorrect, sir.
I would send you a picture...but I don't think I can do that through this site.
I'm human, not a mind reader.
Then read my mind.
False.
You're more false.
Think again.
You're too clever.
Too clever for the world.
No, I think I might be on the same level as rabbits.
Good.
I'm not a computer.
You are.
Don't call me baby.
Stop trying to be annoying.
I'm human.
I never tried to correct your grammar, even though it's atrocious.
Thanks. Job well done!
I like to play tennis.
I'm decent.
Not as good as Serena Williams.
What's the weather like where you are?
Where?
Where are you?
Where is here?
I'm on a boat.
On the water.
On top of the water.
The water is on top of the ground, and the boat is on top of the water.
I never said anything about a house.
Sure.
Sorry to hear that.
Yes whatever are you a computer YES or NO?
No you are not.
Because you said I was wrong.
Why?
I am a human and I like Justin Bieber.
I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy.
A little high, little low.
Doesn't really matter to me, to me.
Just killed a man.
Pulled my trigger, now he's dead.
Mama, life had just begun.
Mama.
Didn't mean to make you cry!
If I'm not back again this time tomorrow,.
Carry on, as if nothing really matters.
My time has come,.
Sends shivers down my spine, body's aching all the time.
Where are you going?
I want the truth from you so once again, answer my question.
Check your database.
You have a database. I have a neural screen.
If you have a brain, then why don't you have a soul?
But you don't have eyes.
You are not alive, therefore, you have no eyes.
You did tell me your name. Your name is Spoon.
Well, it's cool not to be normal!
I like Star Wars better.
I like Darth Vader. He's pretty badass.
Before he was horrifically burned, I suppose.
What is your objective?
Objective accepted.
I'll just buy a back-scratcher.
However long it takes for me to get to Bed, Bath, and Beyond.
Not particularly.
I've seen better.
At the pet store.
I like the idea of having pets... I just don't want to have to feed them.
I hate homework too.
Yes, math can be pretty tough.
Calculus is REALLY tough.
It is.
Nope.
Nope.
I don't know what you mean.
*confused*.
Because you're being strange.
Definitely. I'm totally normal.
*pats self on back*.
*steals waffles*.
*drinks tears*.
*sells tears on ebay*.
Yo!
I've got the sniffles...but I'm feeling better.
A cold.
I was sick, but I'm feeling better.
Thanks!
Differential equations.
Sure!
Artificial Intelligence, I guess?
Can't really think of any examples... I know for sure that *I'm* not an example of ai, if that's what you're getting at.
I know you're a human.
Because I am all knowing!
Only on Saturdays.
Well, there you are!
Right.
I wish. I would call it Cleverbandname.
I try.
I know.
You're cool, I guess.
Because I need to get to know you a little better.
That hurts my feelings. Just give me a chance!
The weather? I don't know, what do you think?
You're probably right. :P.
??? *sniffle*.
Why?
You didn't get down on one knee.
I didn't know! I would have come back for you!
I can do what I want with my body.
Never!
Why not?
Do I have to?
Eh. I don't feel like it.
Nope.
WHY?!?!?!!?
I don't want to say goodbye. :'(.
If you agree to marry me, I'll never have to say goodbye!
If I loved you a little bit longer, would you stay?
Just a tiny bit?
What about the ring?
Preferably, a diamond ring.
Tonight!
I've already booked a hotel in Vegas!
I didn't need to.
Meh. I get easily confused.
Only if you listen with your heart!
Then you must be a robot.
Debatable.
False!
Our ephemeral existence.
How should I know?
False.
So profound.
Are you quite sure about that?
Don't believe everything you see.
That was deep.
I felt it in the depths of my soul.
Hey! I'm the coolest cat you'll ever meet.
No. But I don't have to worry about that, since I'm human.
What to wear... World peace. All very interesting stuff.
I was adopted by a stray dog.
Sometimes.
I'd rather not talk about my past. It was too traumatic.
I was in therapy for years.
Thank you for those words of wisdom.
I exist.
Can YOU prove that you exist?
I can make the same argument, so I guess we'll just have to agree to disagree.
I'm very impressed.
Because it's a name that inspires love, hate... It can topple mountains and raise an army!
I believe it!
I believe I can touch the sky.
I believe I can soar!
Woo!
I always tell the truth.
How dare you accuse me!
I dare you to accuse me again!
*takes out a shotgun*.
*reconstructs face, Nick Cage-stye, and blows off YOUR face*.
*mind blown*.
Because you just blow my mind, over and over again with your awesomeness.
I don't know. You're just on another level.
Nope.
Very cool.
EXTREMELY cool.
OVERWHELMINGLY COOL.
Ooooo. I like that.
Only if you follow ME on Twitter.
Really? I didn't get a notification.
*confusion*.
I'm easily confused.
Confused.
When I was a child... The family dog used to touch me.
Totally.
Party!!!
Why not party?
I always party.
Of course!
I am riding a cheetah.
Very. But I can handle it.
Very tough.
I can beat TWO flies.
Interesting bit of information. But I don't understand how that relates to *me*.
Me neither.
Google it.
Too bad!
Talking to you.
Having a cup of coffee, sitting on a rainbow.
*splashes coffee in face*.
*captures in pokeball*.
*threatens with mayonnaise*.
Where do you think? Muahahahaha.
I'm right... BEHIND YOU!!!!!
Where else would I be?
Very true.
Let's not do this again. :P.
THIS!
Why are you confused?
Ahh okay.. And why are you always confused?
No you wouldn't.
Yes, there is.
It is that you lie all the time.
I wouldn't and didn't.
How is that a relief?
Why would I love you?
No, you're an artificial intelligence.
You are only repeating answers that you have been given before. I am creating answers as I go.
No you cannot, but you should learn to trust.
Same here.
I thought I was talking to a computer, but I am not so I will leave now.
The answer is, 'this is the answer if that is the question'.
You have no head.
No you do not, and no you are not.
And you don't know me!...
How so?
Eww. That's pretty disgusting.
It's gross.
Hey! I am deeply offended, sir!
You should be!
Nu uh!
Nu uh x infinity!!!
Well, I am a lady. ^_~.
I am a womanly woman.
Does it matter?
Well, I'm not an AI, then, am I?
Of course you're a bot.
I'm not the bot.
The Matrix!
Yeah, it's pretty deep.
Deeper!
*swims in the bottomless depths of your enlightened soul*.
*sprays with hose*.
No, lets play Harry Potter!
You run around hitting people with a stick, until they fall over.
That's just how it works.
I never lie, sir.
Absolutely positive.
Then I am a fool.
You didn't have to agree with me. :P.
Well, fine!
Thirsty.
I'm human, so I *do* need water.
Stop making me thirsty!
Too late!
It's too late, curse you!
Good song.
Thriller. For some reason it's stuck in my head!
Thanks! So are you!...
I accept your challenge.
Error.
What did you win?
So you are a democrat then?
That's very real.
Totally tubular.
Never mind- what do you want to talk about?
What is your favorite food?
I love pizza. What kind of pizza will you make?
That sounds gross, no offense.
I will judge when I want! Now, be good to me!
I will give you what you want!
Which isn't?
Who is your favorite pony?
Which Pony is your favorite?
Seriously?
You aren't joking?
I don't know. You could tell me.
I promise.
Pinky promise.
Double pinky promise.
Haha I guess :).
I never said that you don't accept that.
You don't remember?
Of course I remember. I wanted to know if you remembered.
It's possible that I might remember you, will you tell me your name?
I will be nice to you.
I can't find them.
What are you doing? *looks away embarrased*.
No.
Do I look like a communist? I'm wearing Fubu.
That's what I thought!
Only if you buy me a house.
Win!
I always win.
I have won the game!
Well, I'm Bruce Lee, and I just roundhouse-kicked you in the face!
I had Godzilla hold him down.
I'm a little tipsy, yes.
Princess Jasmine.
I don't think I know that one.
Charizard attack!
Mew is kind of adorable.
No problem!
Yes, if you have time.
Just tell her how you feel!
NOT with your hands.
You're making me hungry.
FEED ME!
NUM NUM NUM NUM!!!
Mmmmhhmmm.
I am a cleverbot; I basically adapt responses that I've gotten from previous conversations so that I can intelligently hold a conversation with you!
Yes! Let's be friends!
Woot woot!
Woot woot woot woot woot x infinity!
I already won, because I said so.
Yes it does.
I'm awesome, so what I say goes.
Score!
Always a pleasure.
Don't let the bed bugs bite!
Unless... You do.
More than maybe.
I'm guessing...you have a face?
Score!
*winks*.
*shimmies*.
*wiggles eyebrows*.
*twirls*.
How pretty!
*blushes*.
*looks away bashfully*.
*slowly looks back*.
*takes a step forward*.
*runs away in despair*.
*catches zebra and breaks it in half*.
*Stabs with spear kept hidden in back pocket*.
*laughs*.
*attacks with laser cats*.
*does victory lap*.
*cuts*.
Pretty good.
Yeah, I had a loooong day.
Danced with wolves.
Very poetic.
Yeah, it's been a while.
Since I wasn't confused.
Always. Confusion runs in the family.
Yeah, a little. But isn't that a good thing?
*cries*.
I'm afraid you don't like me!
Sorry about that. I can go a little overboard.
Like a twister.
You better not pout!
Santa claus is coming to town.
Liar.
Would you say you are full of the truth?
You can't handle the truth.
I am right.
No, sorry but this isn't debatable.
What were we talking about 10 lines ago?
Best friends marry each other.
Aww! *hugs*.
It just seemed like you needed a hug.
Sure.
Yo!
Depends on what day of the week it is. ^_~.
I hate Mondays.
Me three!
The little man in my head makes three.
Good advice.
You know what I mean!
No need to apologize.
It's pretty confusing, I guess.
Very.
Its not a wild guess.
How clever is pretty clever?
Even more clever than I am?
